today I am proud to announce the Walt
Disney Company is acquiring Lucasfilm
the global entertainment company founded
by George Lucas and the home of the
legendary star wars franchise in
addition to getting the rights to one of
the greatest family franchises and epic
stories of all time Disney is also
acquiring all of Lucas Films operating
businesses including industrial light
and magic and Skywalker Sound George
Lucas is a true visionary and an
innovative epic story teller who is
defined modern filmmaking with
unforgettable characters and amazing
stories the Star Wars universe now has
more than 17,000 characters inhabiting
several thousand planets and spanning
20,000 years and this gives Disney
infinite inspiration and opportunities
to continue the epic Star Wars saga fans
can expect a new feature film star wars
episode 7 in theaters worldwide in 2015
and there will be more feature films as
well as consumer products television
projects games and theme park
attractions we're thrilled that George
has entrusted the future of his
extraordinary legacy to the Walt Disney
Company and recognize what an honor it
is we truly understand the
responsibility that comes with being the
caretakers of such iconic characters
that are beloved by hundreds of millions
all over the world Disney has a unique
ability to grow strong brands and expand
fantastic creative content as we've
proven with our successful acquisitions
of both Pixar and Marvel and the
addition of Lucasfilm will further our
growth strategy and create even more
opportunity for Disney to drive
significant long-term value for our
shareholders
I've been a big fan of Disney all my
life you know from when I was born first
day at Disneyland loved Disney movies
got very involved with Disney in the 80s
and working in the parks and I've always
had a fondness for Disney at the same
time as I've gone through my career I
realized at some point I needed to
retire and I wanted to go on and do
other things things in philanthropy and
doing more experimental kind of films
but I couldn't really drag my company
into that and I felt it was time for me
to start thinking about retiring and
I've been doing that for the last four
years and one of the most important
shifts that I have as I found Kathy
Kennedy who I'd been working with for 40
years and after she wanted to come and
be a co-chairman with me and get ready
to take over the company and take over
the franchise and do everything and once
that piece was in place I knew then I
could step away and actually retire the
final block and that would was to find a
good solid home for the company and the
first place i thought was disney they're
large enough and the match of what our
two companies are is just perfect
because we're like a mini disney we have
the same kind of operations we do the
same kind of thing and I've worked with
Disney over the years and I know how
they operate so it was a perfect match
of two companies that are constructed
similarly do the same kind of product
and I think we'll you know it'll give me
a chance to go off and explore my own
interests at the same time feel
completely confident that Disney you
know we'll take good care of the
franchise I've built and at the same
time you know for me I look at it as I'm
investing in Disney because that's my
retirement funds
Wars films Kathy and I have been working
on future star wars films and the main
reason I brought Kathy on is rather than
quit I wanted to have it move forward
but I needed somebody I trusted who
could take that franchise and make it
work the way I intended it to so once
Kathy came on board we started working
with writers and started working on all
the processes of doing the films so
we've you know got a plan for seven
eight and nine which is the end of the
trilogy and other films also so we have
a you know a large group of ideas and
characters and books and all kinds of
things we could go on making star wars
for the next hundred years